---
title: Incredible dashboards professionals will love
date: 2019-08-01 00:00:00
description: The future of Business Intelligence – where data professionals thrive, and insights come to life. A beautiful and modern BI tool designed with data professionals in mind.
featured_image: '/images/mac-phone-7.png'
---

Evidence is not just a BI tool; it's a data-driven decision engine that empowers businesses to take action based on their insights. Evidence's smart features enable users to export any metric for a quick ad hoc Excel analysis, allowing them to drill down into the details and uncover hidden patterns or anomalies that would otherwise be missed. 

Factorial Data is committed to helping businesses of all sizes realize the full potential of their data. With Evidence, businesses can gain a competitive edge by making informed decisions based on real-time data insights.

**Key Benefits of Evidence**

* Modern Design: A visually stunning interface that makes data exploration an enjoyable experience.
* Highly Customizable: Tailor evidence.dev to focus on the KPIs that matter most to your business.
* Export and Analyze: Effortlessly export data and images for quick ad-hoc analysis in external tools.
* User-Friendly: Intuitive design with live refresh ensures data professionals of all levels can harness its power.

**Why Factorial Data?**

* Expert Guidance: Our team of experienced data professionals is here to guide you on your data journey.
* Scalable Solutions: From startups to enterprises, our solutions scale to meet your evolving needs.
* Data Freedom: Factorial Data and evidence.dev give you the freedom to explore, analyze, and innovate with your data.

### Example demo
A running demo can be viewed [here](https://northstar-report.netlify.app/). This demo was not setup by Factorial Data, but accurately represents the result we help deliver. 
{% include post-components/gallery.html
	columns = 1
	full_width = true
	images = "/images/wdi-new.png"
%}

### Curious how your organization can get the data lead?

If you are looking for a BI solution that is powerful, flexible, and easy to use, Evidence is the perfect choice. Contact Factorial Data today to learn more about how Evidence can help your business thrive.

<a href="#" class="header__cta button--fill contact-trigger js-contact">Get In Touch</a>